feat: Add sinco v3 docs (#63)
drashland/website-v2: docs/sinco/v3.x/2_tutorials/8_using_within_docker.md

# Using Within Docker

## Table of Contents

- [Before You Get Started](#before-you-get-started)
- [Folder Structure End State](#folder-structure-end-state)
- [Steps](#steps)
- [Verification](#verification)

## Before You Get Started

Sinco provides support for running your tests inside Docker. It only requires

> just over half a dozen lines inside a dockerfile to install the chrome-driver

Reviewer: ```suggestion
just over half a dozen lines inside a `dockerfile` to install the chrome-driver
```

and you should be ready to go.

Other than that, there are no other changes required, and the rest of Sinco's
documentation still applies.

> The ability to run your Browser tests from within a docker container is very
> useful, because (as containers can be networked together), you could go to your
> website, test your /register page works when creating a user, and then clean up
> (delete the user) from your database - whether that's importing your 'User
> model' and deleting it manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ability to run your Browser tests from within a Docker container is very
useful, because (as containers can be networked together), you could go to your
website, test your `/register` page works when creating a user, and then clean up
(delete the user) from your database -- whether that is importing your "User
model" and deleting it manually.
```

In this tutorial, you will:

> - Create a docker container, that installs Deno and chrome-driver; and
> - Create a headless browser instance from within Docker;
> - Go to a page;
> - Assert that you are on the expected web page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a docker container, that installs Deno and chrome-driver;
- Create a headless browser instance from within Docker;
- Go to a page; and
- Assert that you are on the expected web page.
```

     && apt-get update && apt-get install wget -y
   RUN wget -q -O - https://dl-ssl.google.com/linux/linux_signing_key.pub | apt-key add - \
     && echo "deb http://dl.google.com/linux/chrome/deb/ stable main" >> /etc/apt/sources.list \
     && apt-get update && apt-get -qqy install ${CHROME_VERSION:-google-chrome-stable}

   # Install firefox driver
   RUN apt update && apt install wget curl bzip2 -y
   RUN apt-get remove iceweasel
   ENV FILENAME "firefox-latest.tar.bz2"
   RUN wget -O $FILENAME --content-disposition "https://download.mozilla.org/?product=firefox-latest-ssl&os=linux64&lang=en-US" \
     && apt install bzip2
   RUN tar -jxf $FILENAME -C /opt/
   RUN ln -sf /opt/firefox/firefox  /usr/bin/firefox
   RUN rm $FILENAME
   RUN apt install libgtk-3-0 libx11-6 libx11-xcb1 libdbus-glib-1-2 xdg-utils -y
   RUN apt clean

   # Install deno
   RUN apt install curl unzip -y
   RUN curl -fsSL https://deno.land/x/install/install.sh | DENO_INSTALL=/usr/local sh
   RUN export DENO_INSTALL="/root/.local"
   RUN export PATH="$DENO_INSTALL/bin:$PATH"
   ```

> Here, you are using a very small image (debian-slim) as your baseline for your
> docker container. Then you install the chrome-driver and firefox-driver, which
> allows Sinco to create a headless browser instance for these browsers. Then you
> install Deno, because whilst you may have Deno installed on your host machine,
> it won't be from within docker unless you tell it to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, you are using a very small image (`debian-slim`) as your baseline for your
Docker container. Then you install the chrome-driver and firefox-driver, which
allows Sinco to create a headless browser instance for these browsers. Then you
install Deno, because whilst you may have Deno installed on your host machine,
it will not be from within Docker unless you tell it to.
```

2. Create your docker compose file

   ```yml
   # docker-compose.yml

   version: '3'

   services:
     app:
       container_name: my_app
       build:
         context: .
         dockerfile: app.dockerfile
       volumes:
         - ./src:/var/www/my-app

>        command: bash -c "deno test --allow-run --allow-net"

Author: add restrictive perms

       working_dir: /var/www/my-app
   ```

> Here, you are creating your docker-compose file, which will start/run your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, you are creating your `docker-compose` file, which will start/run your
```

   ```typescript
   // app_test.ts

   import { buildFor } from "./deps.ts";

   Deno.test("My web app works as expected", async () => {
     const Chrome = await buildFor("chrome");
     const chromePage = await Chrome.goTo("https://drash.land");
     const chromePageElem = await chromePage.querySelector(
       'a[href="https://discord.gg/RFsCSaHRWK"]',
     );
     await chromePageElem.click();
     await chromePage.waitForPageChange();
     const chromePageLocation = await chromePage.location();
     assertEquals(chromePageLocation, "https://discord.com/invite/RFsCSaHRWK");
     await Chrome.done();
     const Firefox = await buildFor("firefox");
     const firefoxPage = await Firefox.goTo("https://drash.land");
     const firefoxPageElem = await firefoxPage.querySelector(
       'a[href="https://discord.gg/RFsCSaHRWK"]',
     );
     await firefoxePageElem.click();
     await firefoxPage.waitForPageChange();
     const firefoxPageLocation = await firefoxPage.location();
     await Firefox.done();
     assertEquals(firefoxPageLocation, "https://discord.com/invite/RFsCSaHRWK");
   });
   ```

Here you are going to create your headless browser instance, and navigate to

> https://drash.land. Once the page has loaded, you will click an element matching

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`https://drash.land`. Once the page has loaded, you will click an element matching
```
